Clinton Dreisbach
=================

* * * * *

  Specialties: Clojure, Ruby, Python, SQL, teaching  
   clinton@dreisbach.us • https://github.com/cndreisbach/  
   (919) 360-9150 • Durham, NC, USA

* * * * *

Experience
----------

November 2012 - present
    Technology & Innovation Fellow at the CFPB

    Designed and created Qu, a data platform used to serve public
    datasets. Qu is capable of streaming datasets of arbitrary length,
    ingesting and manipulating datasets based off definition files, and
    batch processing map-reduce jobs on that data. Qu is powered by
    Clojure and MongoDB.

    Co-chair of the Open Source Working Group. Helped coordinate a major
    effort to open source over a dozen projects.

    Helped organize an internal testing mini-conference aimed at
    increasing testing on CFPB projects. Within a year, all projects
    were using continuous integration and had comprehensive test suites.

August 2011 - November 2012
    Developer at Relevance (now Cognitect)

    Designed, created, and improved large software systems in Ruby and
    Clojure.

August 2007 - March 2011
    Development Director at Viget Labs

    Led Durham, NC & Washington, DC based development teams. Worked as
    lead developer on Ruby on Rails projects for established businesses
    and startup clients.

September 2005 - July 2007
    Developer at Lulu.com

    Planned and developed features for 1,000,000+ LOC PHP application.
    Responsible for refactoring of entire app to split the view layer
    out from the main logic.

Previously
    Lead Developer at Demand Publishing  
    Contractor at Boeing and RealNetworks  
    Signals Intelligence Analyst, U.S. Army

Selected Open Source Contributions
----------------------------------

Clojure
    Author of Qu, a data platform built on top of MongoDB, used to
    query, analyze, and stream data. Contributed to Light Table.

Python
    Member of core team for Hy, a Lisp that compiles to the Python AST.
    Implemented tail-call optimization for Hy.

Ruby
    Author of edn-ruby, an EDN parser and writer. Original author of
    Diametric, an ActiveModel-compliant interface to the Datomic
    database.

Selected Talks Given
--------------------

Secrets of Clojure Web Development, CodeMash 2014, Sandusky, OH, USA

Functional Web Development with Clojure, Lambda Jam 2013, Chicago, IL,
USA

Computing with Clojure, OSCON 2012, Portland, OR, USA

Migrating Legacy Apps to Rails 3, RailsConf 2011, Baltimore, MD, USA

Advanced Internationalization with Rails, Conferencia Rails 2009,
Madrid, Spain

Volunteer Projects
------------------

ClojureBridge
    ClojureBridge is an initiative to increase diversity within the
    Clojure community by offering free, beginner-friendly workshops for
    women. I am the lead author of the core curriculum, and am teaching
    the premier workshop in Durham, NC.

Citizen Schools
    I have taught Scheme using the Bootstrap program through the Citizen
    Schools after-school program for 6th-8th graders.

Teen Tech Camp
    Teen Tech Camp was a day-long event that members of Refresh the
    Triangle and TriZPUG organized with the help of the Durham County
    Southwest Regional Library. We successfully applied for a grant from
    the Python Software Foundation to purchase Raspberry Pis for 20
    students, aged 12-18. I was an organizer and lead teacher.

Activities and Interests
------------------------

Games
    I am an award-winning role-playing game designer and love playing
    all kinds of board and tabletop games.

Teaching
    As evidenced by my volunteer projects, I enjoy teaching programming
    skills to newcomers. I am dedicated to increasing access to
    programming knowledge and skills among communities are
    underrepresented in technology.

Music
    I play the ukulele in a folk ensemble.
